HARPER KENT

City, State Zip • (555) 555-1234
harperkent@email.com • linkedin.com/in/your-name-here

SKILLS

    • Key Skill - Brief description of the skill and how you use it. 
    • Key Skill - For management, you’ll be expected to have technical hard skills and interpersonal soft skills. 
    • Key Skill - Include hard skills that show off domain knowledge and expertise.
    • Key Skill - Include people and task-management skills that show you know how to lead a team.

EXPERIENCE

Company 4, Location • Job Title 	                                                                                      (MM/YYYY) - Present
When writing your experience section for a management position, be sure to focus on the teams you managed and the outcomes they were able to achieve. Tailor your resume by focusing on skills and accomplishments that relate to the job description, rather than simply listing your day-to-day duties. 

Company 3, Location • Job Title 						       (MM/YYYY) - (MM/YYYY)
Try replacing some of your duties with measurable results and accomplishments rather than duties. Remember, “duties tell, accomplishments sell.” To create a strong measurable result, try the following format: [Action verb] [brief explanation of accomplishment] resulting in [quantifiable outcome. Using %, $, etc. will draw the eye and make an impact]. 

Company 2, Location • Job Title                                                   			        (MM/YYYY) - (MM/YYYY)
Keep your sentences short and to the point. This will make it easier for a recruiter or hiring manager to read or skim. For your more recent positions, really play up your management skills. Your older positions will give you an opportunity to delve deeper into your technical know-how and hard skills.

Company 1, Location • Job Title						 	        (MM/YYYY) - (MM/YYYY)
Recruiters like to see the arc of your career. Make sure your resume conveys how your responsibilities have increased from one stop to the next. It’s OK to leave positions off your resume if they aren’t relevant to the job you’re pursuing. Unless the experience is crucial, you can also go into fewer details on older positions. 

EDUCATION AND CERTIFICATIONS

College Name, Location • Degree						          Graduation Year (YYYY)
List additional certifications obtained or management trainings completed
